feat(NRQL): Add new NRQL tutorials (#14987)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/query-your-data/nrql-new-relic-query-language/get-started/nrql-tutorial-advanced-dashboarding.mdx

import queriesnrql2tutorial8 from 'images/queries-nrql_screenshot-crop-tutorial2-8.webp'

import queriesnrql2tutorial9 from 'images/queries-nrql_screenshot-crop-tutorial2-9.webp'

import queriesnrql2tutorial10 from 'images/queries-nrql_screenshot-crop-tutorial2-10.webp'

import queriesnrql2tutorial11 from 'images/queries-nrql_screenshot-crop-tutorial2-11.webp'

import queriesnrql2tutorial12 from 'images/queries-nrql_screenshot-crop-tutorial2-12.webp'

import queriesnrql2tutorial13 from 'images/queries-nrql_screenshot-crop-tutorial2-13.webp'

import queriesnrql2tutorial14 from 'images/queries-nrql_screenshot-crop-tutorial2-14.webp'

import queriesnrql2tutorial15 from 'images/queries-nrql_screenshot-crop-tutorial2-15.webp'

import queriesnrql2tutorial16 from 'images/queries-nrql_screenshot-crop-tutorial2-16.webp'

import queriesnrql2tutorial17 from 'images/queries-nrql_screenshot-crop-tutorial2-17.webp'

import queriesnrql2tutorial18 from 'images/queries-nrql_screenshot-crop-tutorial2-18.webp'

import queriesnrql2tutorial19 from 'images/queries-nrql_screenshot-crop-tutorial2-19.webp'

import queriesnrql2tutorial20 from 'images/queries-nrql_screenshot-crop-tutorial2-20.webp'

> We hope seeing example queries and explanations in the context of your own data helps you better understand how to transform data into powerful visuals. In this tutorial, you'll use what you learned in our previous tutorials on the [foundations of using NRQL](/docs/query-your-data/nrql-new-relic-query-language/get-started/introduction-nrql-tutorial/) and [controlling your data with NRQL](/docs/query-your-data/nrql-new-relic-query-language/get-started/nrql-tutorial-control-your-data/) and build on them with more advanced concepts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We hope seeing example queries and explanations in the context of your own data helps you better understand how to transform data into powerful visuals. In this tutorial, you'll build on concepts learned in [foundations of using NRQL](/docs/query-your-data/nrql-new-relic-query-language/get-started/introduction-nrql-tutorial/) and [controlling your data with NRQL](/docs/query-your-data/nrql-new-relic-query-language/get-started/nrql-tutorial-control-your-data/) with more advanced concepts.
```

Reviewer: Maybe use two examples to unpack what those advanced concepts are. '...with more advanced concepts, like X and Y.'

Reviewer: Suggestions, "...with more advanced concepts, like rate of change and aggregation"

> In this tutorial, you'll learn how to advance your dashbaording by using faceting by case, advanced aggregation functions, the `EXTRAPOLATE` keyword, filtering aggregation functions, and overriding values. Specifically, you'll learn how to use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you'll learn how to advance your dashboarding by using faceting by case, advanced aggregation functions, the `EXTRAPOLATE` keyword, filtering aggregation functions, and overriding values. Specifically, you'll learn how to use:
```

* Advanced aggregation functions like `filter()`, `apdex()`, `rate()funnel()`, `histogram()`.
* The `EXTRAPOLATE` clauses.
* `FACET CASES()`, including how to use attribute and group matching values.
* `filter()` to combine Event Types.
* Overriding values, when necessary.

You may not use these functions and features on every single dashboard, but they will certainly come in handy when tackling specific problems and requirements. Let's get started!

### Use advanced aggregators 
<Steps>
    <Step>
#### Calculating Rate

> Let's start with the `rate()` function. It allows you to visualize the frequency of events over time, which helps when you want to understand the frequency of events in small periods of time within larger time windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's start with the `rate()` function. It allows you to visualize the frequency of events over time, which helps to see frequency of events during small periods within larger time windows.
```

> In the example below, you can see the average frequency of requests every 5 minutes for the last hour compared to the previous hour's 5-minute average frequency. Notice the query uses `SINCE 1 hour ago`, this is the overall time window in which you're calculating the rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, you can see the average frequency of requests every 5 minutes for the last hour compared to the previous hour's 5-minute average frequency. Notice the query uses `SINCE 1 hour ago`. This is the overall time window in which you're calculating the rate.
```

Reviewer: Comma splice

<SideBySide>
    <Side>
```sql
SELECT rate(count(*), 5 minutes) 
FROM Public_APICall 
SINCE 1 hour ago 
COMPARE WITH 1 hour ago
```
    </Side>
    <Side>
<img
    title="Calculate range"
    alt="A screenshot of a query using Since and Compare to capture data within a time range"
    src={queriesnrql2tutorial1}
/>
    </Side>
</SideBySide>

You can use `rate()` to calculate requests per minute or requests per second by setting the time interval to either 1 minute or 1 second.

    </Step>
    <Step>

> #### Funnel Charts

Reviewer: Can we give a bit more detail here? I'm sure these might be general data visualization concepts, but I'm wondering if we can zoom out. For example, instead of labeling something 'Timeseries', labelling the title 'See change over time with timeseries'.

These concepts seem pretty nested tho, but wanted to call. out that some customers might not grasp what 'funnel charts' is trying to convey and may skip past.

> Funnel charts track the occurrence of an attribute value across multiple records, and many people use them to understand end-user behavior. You might often use them to visualize how successfully users' progress through defined paths, and especially when using custom attributes.

Reviewer: so to build off the last comment: "Understand end user behavior with funnel charts"

> You can use the `funnel()` aggregator function to visualize how many users visit a specific page before moving on to another page. The first parameter is the identifying attribute for the unique entries you're counting. In this case, New Relic Browser assigns and retains a `session ID` attribute for each user on your site (subject to cookies being enabled). You can also set your own session ID using custom attributes.

Reviewer: See product caps 'New Relic Browser.' Not sure that's the style we use, but confirm

```
<img
    title="Apdex"
    alt="A screenshot showing the apdex functionality"
    src={queriesnrql2tutorial6}
/>

You can also add the `TIMESERIES` operator to chart the data over time. Notice this also plots the Apdex satisifed, tolerated, and frustrated thresholds.

<SideBySide>
    <Side>
```sql
SELECT apdex(duration, 0.1) AS 'Apdex Of Duration' 
FROM Public_APICall 
SINCE 1 week ago 
TIMESERIES
```
    </Side>
    <Side>
<img
    title="Apdex timeseries"
    alt="A screenshot showing an apdex timeseries"
    src={queriesnrql2tutorial7}
/>
    </Side>
</SideBySide>
    </Step>
</Steps>

You've now explored a whole new set of visualizations with `funnel()` and `histogram()`. You also learned how `filter()` can help you get more specific in queries with `WHERE` clauses and how `rate()` can display the rate of an attribute over time.

These queries further advance your NRQL ability. Apdex is an industry standard and applies to many scenarios. Funnels can track progress through desired paths while histograms visualize the clear distribution of the data. Finally, filters let you get extremely specific with your returned values. Next, you'll learn about `EXTRAPOLATE`.

> ### Use extrapolate

Reviewer: More specific title

Let's discuss what you can do when this happens. The `EXTRAPOLATE` operator tells New Relic to mathematically compensate for the effects of sampling, thereby returning results that more closely represent activity in your system. We store an extra value to record how many similar events occured over the limit, which allows us to deliver statistically accurate results. 

```sql
SELECT count(*) 
FROM Transaction 
SINCE 60 minutes ago 
FACET appName 
TIMESERIES 1 minute 
EXTRAPOLATE
```
<img
    title="Extrapolate"
    alt="A screenshot showing the extrapolate functionality"
    src={queriesnrql2tutorial8}
/>

You might think that you may hit the limit by doing this. Try removing `EXTRAPOLATE` from the query, and see if your count changes. If it doesn't, you most likely haven't reached the limit.

When you include `EXTRAPOLATE` in a query, we calculate the ratio between the reported events and the total events. We then use this ratio to extrapolate an approximation of unsampled data. Keep in mind that only some queries support this use. When included in a NRQL query that doesn't support it or doesn't use sampled data, it has no effect.

> Note that homogeouns data like throughput gets the most out of the `EXTRAPOLATE` function. It has less effect when attempting to extrapolate a count of distinct things (like `uniqueCount()` or `uniques()`). So, `EXTRAPOLATE` only works with NRQL queries that use one of the following aggregator functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that homogenous data like throughput gets the most out of the `EXTRAPOLATE` function. It has less effect when attempting to extrapolate a count of distinct things (like `uniqueCount()` or `uniques()`). So, `EXTRAPOLATE` only works with NRQL queries that use one of the following aggregator functions:
```

* apdex
* average
* count
* histogram
* sum
* percentage
* rate
* stddev

With `EXTRAPOLATE` finished, let's move on to using facet cases.

> ### Use facet cases

Reviewer: These need to be h2s, not h3s.

Reviewer: Oh maybe not, actually. Disregard

FROM Public_APICall 
SINCE 24 hours ago
```
<img
    title="Coercion with boolean"
    alt="A screenshot showing the coercion functionality with the boolean function"
    src={queriesnrql2tutorial16}
/>
    </Step>
    <Step>
You can also convert boolean and numeric values to strings by using the `string()` function. With numeric values as floating-point numbers, you can use the optional `precision` argument to limit the number of decimal places for the string. This query returns the duration value as a string limited to three decimal places.

```sql
SELECT string(duration, precision: 3) 
FROM Public_APICall 
SINCE 24 hours ago
```
<img
    title="Coercion with precision"
    alt="A screenshot showing the coercion functionality with precision"
    src={queriesnrql2tutorial17}
/>
    </Step>
</Steps>

Here we've given you the power to control your data formats and tell NRQL how you want it to act. NRQL operates in the manner we deem most logical, but if that doesn't suit your unique scenario, you can use the functions explored in this lesson to override those values. You have only one thing left to learn: string concatenation.

> ### Use string concatenation

Reviewer: Again, 'use' and a vague NRQL-specific functionality doesn't really direct customers to something valuable. They don't know what they don't know, so titling these with a general description of an outcome is better for all of these and worth taking the time to do
